### Portfolio Manager: Ruby on Rails application for maintaining a portfolio.

Portfolio Manager features a login system for the user to login and manage portfolios. The user has the ability to create/edit/delete/order portfolios. The application also includes data validation along with the ability to upload an image. The image uploaded automatically creates a resized/cropped thumbnail to be used.


### Release info:

The current release is version 1.00. This is the inital release and more features and updates are planned.


### Instructions:
----

To start using the Portfolio Manager, you must first login. After logging in you will be brought to the root directory.


#### Create:
----

To create a new portfolio click the "Add New" button from the Portfolio Manager root directory. A form will be displayed, certain fields are required and must fall within certain parameters. These may vary per application. To see what is required just attempt to add a blank portfolio. The form will display errors for all the fields that do not fill the requirements defined by the application. To add rows to the info table click the "ADD" button. Empty rows will automatically be discarded.

#### Edit:
----

Editing a portfolio is simple enough. Just click the desired portfolio from the root directory. The same form for adding a portfolio will be displayed except the existing values will be filled in. Change these fields and click the "Update" button to save the changes. Again, the form will display any errors if some values are incorrect.

#### Delete:
----

To delete a portfolio click the "X" next to the portfolio in the root directory. The portfolio will be deleted and all portfolios will be ordered automatically.

#### Order:
----
By default, the portfolios will be ordered based on creation date from the oldest to newest. To shuffle the order just change the numbers in the "Order #" column. Click the "Save" button to save changes. The Portfolio Manager will do its best job to correct any errors (e.g. Portfolios with the same order #). For best results make sure the order is as intended with no duplicates or gaps in the ordering.

### Requests and future expansion:
----
All feedback and updates can be found on the Portfolio Manager GitHub page:

https://github.com/carlthenimrod/portfolios